Rewrote custom schema guide (#2643)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/guides/schema.md

}
```

> **Note:** Only a subset of the generated types/mutations/queries are shown here.

> > For more details, see the [GraphQL introduction](https://www.keystonejs.com/guides/intro-to-graphql) page.

Reviewer: For internal links please use paths, which are resolved by Gatsby for the docs site, and still work when browsing the monorepo on GitHub e.g.

```suggestion
> For more details, see the [GraphQL introduction](/docs/guides/intro-to-graphql.md) page.
```
